news out of Tel Aviv because we
understand that alasan brigades has
fired a large barrage of rockets uh from
Gaza towards Tel Aviv reportedly
intercepted uh by the Iron Dome and this
is being described as one of the largest
barrage of rockets on Tel Aviv since
October the 7th and Rockets haven't been
fired onto Tel Aviv since Friday we
understand we have Sarah kyat who's
joining us now from occupied East
Jerusalem so tell us what you're hearing
about these Rockets how many there were
and how many were intercepted by the
iron and the impact of
this well Dar pretty much everything
you've just said that uh this seems to
have been the largest certainly the
first since Friday uh and uh it's been
claimed by alasam Brigade which is
considered the military Wing to Hamas
and interestingly uh just before some of
those schools are meant to return to
full functionality in uh Tel Aviv which
is supposed to happen as of tomorrow now
uh what we have understood so far is
that there have been no casualties
reported and they're still only just
trying to find out uh where it those
Rockets were heading exactly towards uh
Tel Aviv which is a huge uh City and uh
has been uh to some degree functioning
as normal especially since it has
quietened in the last few days and
certainly since October uh the 7th but
contrary to what the Israeli forces have
been putting out in terms of daily
statements in terms of daily videos even
of the achievement sometimes almost
hourly of their achievements in north of
Gaza uh and certainly in Gaza City
itself in terms of the number of Hamas
commanders they've say they say they've
killed in terms of for example a still
picture that we saw earlier today of a
large number of soldiers Israeli
soldiers standing outside what Israel
says is the Hamas Court in uh Gaza which
they're seeing as a big achievement to
have taken over this building so
contrary to all of that um the fact that
those Rockets are still being fired um
is showing that Hamas still uh is going
strong and they're trying certainly to
send that message that nothing uh so far
has been able to quash uh their
capabilities and certainly in in terms
of those Rockets uh heading over to this
side uh meanwhile all of this is
happening and then you have uh family
members in the knesset that have been
angered uh by certain far-right members
in the government uh over a push to move
forward with a death penalty Bill all of
this uh is happening at the same time
and certainly uh we're going to have to
try and find out more information in
terms of those Rockets but certainly
something we haven't seen uh for the
last few days okay you'll keep us across
the story Sarah thank you for the time
being for that update from occupied e
Jerusalem